who can hello mommy
that's mayor I want the fuck did rocky
duro why the fuck did you run over that
son of a bitch I need to get the fuck
off yo bro y'all oh you're a beauty
danger Mercedes for the ladies let's get
ready to rock this party me bro but
y'all need to do it swiftly calmly like
a spider Oh like a spy too much of it do
much Ave too much of it what's the
series license playin faster for nostril
air what the fuck you're gonna be I know
fassl bro vessel a physically fit or bro
are you doing your I facili a your Raya
Oprah you're right yeah yeah yeah how's
things on that bro you're right
I was work bro don't know it from summer
bro bro I know you in at your image me
na you miss me put mine on which Emil
Bradford a9a bro Bradford you know the
ladder in vivo in me image image from
Bradford yeah yeah that's the one bro
that's the one it's here
alright how's work coming up bro
everything good yeah yeah it's good it's
busy keeping good sick guy browse a guy
anyway listen yeah what kind of car is
not Mercedes drove is a manual or
automatic automatic you lazy bastard
taxed bro taxed well you think I'm
joking with ya
oh yeah
yeah and call this hey you know what
don't tell me boo please don't jump
how'd you know my name ma how'd you know
my name
how do I know your name obviously a daft
bastard it says on your license plate
April customer you're a Malad me know
how do you know so many things about me
bro how'd you know my mail email
bro how do you think I know your friend
in me bro but I not trying shit bro
there's many many enemies out there bro
many many amis and close your license
playing it that's how I know your name
bro but 9 are super spy super spying a
fuckin doin bro shit the license plate
what do you get why the fuck did I put
my name on the license plate for why
fuck gone in 60 seconds bro
I was gone in six seconds